Are returns free?
free returns
We ship your orders for free. However, sales are final & non returnable. Due we do not have return shipping partners in those countries, However if you like to speak with us before you place your order, we are happy to help!
Email us and we’ll mail you a pre-paid shipment slip to your home. Attached the pre-paid slip to the box and send it back to us.
Best ways to contact us for returns
You can reach us by phone from 10am-1pm CET time Monday to Friday (closed on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) Our qualified opticians are ready to answer your call to offer expert aftercare every day.
For queries out of business hours, or if it's more convenient for you to email, you can reach us on: info@quattrocento-eyewear.com
We aim to reply to all our customer emails within 48 hours and we are happy to return your call during office hours or at a time that is more convenient for you. We will need to speak over the phone before authorising a return (see below).
Conditions for return
We are happy to accept returns any time within the first 14 days, and we will provide a full refund. All we require from you to send them back to us. If you have any issues with the frames, lenses or any other part of our product, please call us or send an email and we will do our best to sort it out straight away.
Returns are free, you just make a request to customer service. We will send you a return within 72 hours maximum and refund upon receipt and inspection of your package.
Returns must be in their original condition and with all accessories included in your package (e.g. cases and cloths)
For returns from outside Italy we offer the following return policy:
We appreciate that orders to international addresses may take slightly longer to reach you, therefore we will accept returns provided you have contacted us within 14 days of your order being dispatched to advise of notice to return.
You are required to include the returns authorisation form (we will email this to you after you call us).
If you want to apply for the international return, a 15 € per item will be charged.
We gladly accept returns on the most items purchased within 30 days, returned in their original condition (brand new, unworn, unlaundered, unembellished). Please try on items in a clean, indoor area in case you need to return them.
Any piece of apparel suffering from a manufacturing defect right out of the box may be returned or exchanged within 30 days of the date receiving the item. "Defects" are mistakes in the manufacturing process and do not include damage from normal wear and tear or negligent usage. We will determine the validity of manufacturing defect returns on a case-by-case basis.
Items damaged due to customer abuse or negligence will not be accepted. We only accepts returns for items purchased at www.piece-of-history.com. To return or exchange an item purchased at a retail store, please visit the store where the purchase was made.
please contact and provide the order number, reason for return and a return e-mail address. Within 48 hours, we will evaluate your return request and contact you.
RETURN POLICY
We want you to be happy with your new bag, but in case you are unsatisfied after unpacking the goods please let us know via Contact us. We gladly accept returns of new, unworn and unwashed merchandise  within 30 days of your purchase. Once we receive and accept your package, we will reimburse your credit card/PayPal  account for the purchase price within 14 days; However, refund does not include shipping costs (domestic or international). We kindly request returned items to be in their original condition, unworn, with all original tags and packaging. If you have any questions about your product or return, we are here to help. Please do not hesitate to reach out.
Unfortunately, we are unable to directly exchange goods, so if you decide you would like a different product you will need to return your order and place a new one.
Once the goods are returned to us, we quality-check them to make sure they are in unused condition, as in line with our return policy. Once we receive your return package, we will process your refund within 14 days.
Free shipping
How long does it take for my package to arrive
Our products are handmade. Once you place the order, it takes 2 weeks from creation to arrival at your doorsteps. However, we are working to make the waiting period shorter.
Prices are quoted in Euros and include VAT (value added tax).
According to the delivery Country there may be local taxes and duties for your order. All customs, taxes, import duties, brokerage fees, or any additional charges by your local government are responsibility of the recipient.
We are not responsible for these charges in any way, nor do we receive any of this money. The last thing we would want is for our customers to be charged extra. Since duties and taxes vary by country and by what was ordered, we are not able to supply an estimated cost. For the Countries where taxes and duties cannot be calculated beforehand, you will be asked to pay them at delivey to the courier.
Shipping fees and taxes will not be refunded for packages that are refused due to VAT/duties.
FEDEX and DHL are our courier for all shipments. You will receive an email containing your Tracking Number once your package has been shipped from our Italian HQ, 2-3 business days from order date.
Orders made from a different country site than the delivery address will be automatically cancelled.
Your order is important to us, which is why we want to make sure that your products arrive on time and in excellent condition. Please take a moment to review our worldwide shipping policy to be informed of how and when your order will ship.
From time of purchase, orders are typically shipped within 3-5 business days of your completed transaction. You will receive shipping and tracking information via email.
We use Israel-Post to ship orders. Packages shipped are trackable and insured. If your order is not delivered as promised, we can issue a replacement or refund to you.
All posters are printed in high quality, high resolution format, and sent directly to you in a durable shipping tube.
Expedited Shipping: For expedited shipping (additional charge) please contact us directly by email.
In case of a returning package due to the absence of the recipient, the re-shipping fee (7$) will be at the customer's expense. Our customer department will inform the customer as soon as the package is received.
GENERAL SHIPPING INFORMATION
As soon as your order is processed and fulfilled you'll receive a shipping confirmation email with tracking information. Please allow at least 12 hours for the tracking information to update before reviewing your tracking status.
We will do everything possible to ensure your order arrives in a timely manner. Unfortunately we cannot be held responsible for conditions beyond our control, such as severe weather or shipping service interruptions.
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
No international shipping is available at the moment from our official site.